Specify that annotations shall only be used where appropriate (#3642)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

\chapter{Annotations}\label{annotations}

Annotations are intended for storing extra information about a model, such as graphics, documentation or versioning, etc.

> The annotations that are defined in this document have defined semantics, and can only be used where their semantics is defined.

Reviewer: Less repetition and self-referencing:
```suggestion
The standard annotations (that is, all annotations except the vendor-specific ones, see \cref{vendor-specific-annotations}) shall only be used where their semantics is defined.
```
